# master
- Fix issue in experimental analysis for unused optional named arguments where `foo(~x=?)` was not recognized.

# 2.1.0
- Add -experimental command-line to turn on experimental analyses.
- New analysis for unused optional named arguments, under the `-experimental` flag.
- New analysis for dead modules, under the `-experimental` flag.

# 1.16.0
- Only toplevel values are considered live when they have side-effects.
- Report a warning when a redundant @doesNotRaise annotation is used.

# 1.15.0
- Report analysis stats at the end.
- Issue dead exception reports as `Warning Dead Exception`.
- Dead exception: fix location position for `-write`.
- Add command-line options `-all` and `-all-cmt` to run all the analyses at once.

# 1.14.0
- CLI: rename `-blacklist` to `-suppress` and `-whitelist` to `-unsuppress`. This should clarify the semantics.
- When a generic exception is raised, as in `raise(exn)` report as if a specific exception of
name `genericException` were raised. Can be suppressed just like real exceptions.
- Add new check for dead exceptions: that is exceptions defined but never raised directly or indirectly. An indirect raise (undecidable) is approximated by checking if the value is passed around in any way.

# 1.13.0
- Exception Analysis: model functions from Yojson.Basic.Util.
- Exception Analysis: fix issue with OCaml >= 4.08 where `raise` was not recognized.
- Exception Analysis: fix issue with OCaml >= 4.08 where models of the standard library were not recognized.

# 1.12.0
- Exception Analysis: print all the locations where a given exception is raised, not just one.
- DCE: rely on latest Bucklescritpt (7.3.2) and ReasonReact (0.8.0) to remove hack which fixes locations in code generated by the React PPX.

# 1.11.0
- Add command-line options `-blacklist` and `-whitelist` that apply to all the analyses.
  Example: `../reanalyze.exe -exception -blacklist src -whitelist src/Ex`
  will only show results for files `src/Ex*`.
  The analyses are not affected (e.g. transitively dead code), only the reporting is.
- Exception analysis: add support for `@doesNotRaise` to indicate that an expression does not raise any exceptions (to suppress possible analysis reports).
- Exception Analysis: add model for `Yojson.Basic.from_string`.

# 1.10.0
- Exception: Add warning when `raise` or `raise_notrace` are used not in a direct call.
- Exception: support `raise @@ Exn` and `Exn |> raise`.
- Exception: model `Js.Json`.
- Exception: model `bs-json`.

# 1.9.0
- Exception analysis: Model exceptions for `Array`, `Buffer`, `Bytes`, `Char`, `Filename`, `Hashtbl`, `Pervasives`, `Str`, `String`.

# 1.8.0
- First feature-complete exception analysis with `-exception` (bucklescript) and `-exception-cmt` for native.

# 1.7.0
- Early preview of exception analysis with `-exception` (bucklescript) and `-exception-cmt` for native.

# 1.6.0
- When file paths are implicit, e.g. `Foo.re` turn them into `./Foo.re` to help editor integration.
- Add command-line option `-debug` and discontinue environment variable `Debug`.
- Add command-line option `-write` and discontinue environment variable `Write`.

# 1.5.0
- Work around issue with flushing when printing first location.

# 1.4.0
- Always use OCaml's location format, which is picked up automatically by most tooling.
- Add warning emitted when a live item is annotated @dead.

# 1.3.0
- Add command-line option `-live-names this,that` to treat items `this` and `that` as globally live.
- Support `@warning "-32"` in addition `@ocaml.warning "-32"` to mean `@live`.
- Add command-line option `live-paths prefix/of/path1,prefix/of/path2` to treat all items in the path prefixes as live.

# 1.2.0
- Turn off reporting on `_` as it interferes with the `@deriving` ppx.
- Add option to report types dead only in the interface, now off by default.
- Support `@ocaml.warning "-32"` to mean `@live`.
- Capture dependencies between types in interface and implementation files.

# 1.1.0
- More robust detection of file names (don't rely on the name from the .cmt file).
- Add support for building with OCaml 4.08.

# 1.0.0
Initial release.
